Right. I hope
everyone's hungry. Jimmy?
Hey, Ray, you want a drumstick?
Go deep.
Cut!
Jimmy, if you don't respect
Thanksgiving rehearsal,
what will you take
seriously?
Mm. Nothing?
Tomorrow is the first time
in five years
that my mother
will have visited.
I would like it
to go smoothly.
Let's rehearse again.
Is everyone clear who they are?
I'm me.
Me.
Well, I'm three people --
and not at all troubled
by the historical implications
of being assigned a value
as a fraction
of a white person.
Is that bad?
It's not great.
Why can't Taylor
be Taylor?
Because she alone has
the presence and regal bearing
to approximate my mother.
[ Bad Cockney accent ]
I'm your dear old mumsy, I am.
Hey! We found something
Taylor can't do.
Kenneth: Well, I'll miss
all the fun tomorrow.
I signed up to have dinner
with my dad -- The Colonel.
Don't get me started.
We won't.
Jimmy, have you prepared
your toast?
I sure have.
[ Clears throat ]
I'd like to extend a warm
welcome to our honored guest.
Andrea, you are withholding
and cold.
Also, you're this genius
who's been curing cancer
for 45 years,
yet you and I have cured the
exact same number of cancers.
Look, I get it. You don't
like it when she comes around.
I just don't like how you turn
into a different person.
Oh, I'd love to see that.
Well, you haven't heard
how I'm different.
[ Laughs ]
Doesn't matter.
She gets all nervous
and sweaty,
and she starts apologizing
for stuff.
It is nuts!
Here's an idea -- instead of
looking for the approval
that she has never
and will never give you,
why not just be yourself?
There's a lovely idea.
Now back to reality.
My mother is extremely exacting,
and to that end,
this time,
we will be prepared.
Dylan, read up on the great
Chelsea Football Club.
JJ, I've customized a board
with British witticisms.
Learn it.
And, Ray, please,
will you catch up
on Mummy's favorite show,
"Wavendon Manor."
It's like "Downton Abbey,"
but less fun.
Great. That was my one complaint
about "Downton Abbey."
I just want everyone to be
on their best behavior.
And for God's sake,
whatever you do,
don't mention
her arch medical rival,
Ernst Bowman-Schrieber.
"But we love him so."
[ Laughs ]
Do you know what?
Clear off, 'cause I got
more cleaning to do.
Come on, Taylor.
You're up.
[ Vacuum cleaner running ]
-- Captions by VITAC --
[ Turkey gobbles ]
This is so much better
than sitting at home
watching your mother
freak out.
Hi. Give the kids
whatever they want.
And I will have...
Both:
The Godzilla Roll!
What's the Godzilla Roll?
"The biggest..." T-U
"...tube of raw fish
ya ever done seen."
Like a friggin'
Duraflame log.
200 bucks a pop.
[ Chuckles ]
Oh. That's awful.
And...so fast.
Already made.
They just sit there for days
daring you to order them.
And if you finish it
within an hour,
the whole table eats free.
Which isn't a problem, because
Dad is a legendary power-eater.
Please. I'm no hero.
I'm just a gross poor guy
who doesn't care
what he puts into his body.
[ Ticking ]
Thank you.
Let the games begin.
**
Dad, are you okay?
I'm fine.
Why don't you guys go ahead
to the ice cream place?
I'll catch up.
Order me the Belly Buster.
Isn't he gross?
[ Ticking continues ]
I can't do it.
I'm sorry.
I know we're kind of
all in this together
and you guys are rooting
for me.
[ Timer dings ]
He didn't finish it!
[ Cheering, laughter ]
All right.
You think that's funny?
Wait till you try
and run this.
Maya: Okay, people,
this is not a drill.
It's here --
Thanksgiving.
Mummy will be here
in a second.
[ Sighs ]
Jimmy, what's wrong?
You've been down all day.
Did the UPS guy call you
"ma'am" again?
If only.
Is this because you couldn't
finish the Godzilla Roll?
Shh! The kids
don't know about that.
Didn't you just vacuum?
Oh! Kids.
Is everyone ready?
Dylan, how's
the football watching going?
Couldn't do it.
I watched two seconds.
Soccer sucks so hard
that I read a book.
Dylan!
JJ, how's the British lingo?
"Blimey."
That doesn't make
any sense.
Didn't you study at all?
"The tube."
[ Sighs ]
Ray, please tell me
you've been watching
"Wavendon Manor."
Have I? The legal proceedings
the family's going through?
It's so dry!
Excellent.
Well, you're in charge
of getting these two twits
up to speed.
Yes!
Looks like
I call the shots now.
Oh!
Unhand your superior!
[ Knock on door ]
She's here. She's here!
It's just Billy!
Harsh!
And on this holiest of days.
Where are
Audrey and the kids?
They're not coming.
They got a nasty stomach bug.
I'll spare you the gory details,
but let's just say
they would not be allowed
in a hotel pool.
As per the sign.
Regarding active viruses.
Yeah, I quite understand.
Yeah.
Hey, Billy.
Oh, he's been upset
all day.
Hey. Hey.
[ Grumbles ]
Billy's here.
Talk to me, pal.
I-I...
I couldn't finish
the Godzilla Roll yesterday.
Oh, no, no, no, no, no,
no, no, no, no.
No-no-no-no-no-no-
no-no-no-no-no-no.
Jimmy.
[ Knock on door ]
[ Gasps ] She's here!
Go on, get out! Get!
Mummy.
Oh. Hello, Taylor.
And you must be...
Hi, Mrs. DiMeo.
This is my brother, Logan.
I know it's last-minute,
but would it be okay
if he joined us?
Sure. It's fine.
JJ will be happy to see
one of his friends from camp.
[ Western showdown music plays ]
Ray: "You."
Hello.
[ Music intensifies ]
"Goodbye."
[ Music stops ]
Nope. No time
for this mysterious feud.
[ Knock on door ]
[ Gasps ] Mummy's here!
Go on. Off you go.
Go to your room.
Peace and calm.
I hate my dad!
That sounds terrible
and not at all my problem!
Oh, Lord!
I'm sweating straight through my
convincing knock-off Burberry.
[ Knock on door ]
Ohh!
Where's Kenneth?!
He's in the kitchen,
whoever you are!
I'm the Colonel!
Lead me to him!
Kenneth: He found me?!
Follow me!
[ Military march plays ]
[ Knock on door ]
Kenneth: How in the world
did you find me?!
Colonel:
I got my ways!
Steady. Steady.
Oh! No!
Oh! [ Gasps ]
Stupid Taylor cord!!
[ Sighs ]
All right. All right.
It's all right.
She'll never know.
All right.
Hurry!
She'll be here soon!
Maya: I'll be right there,
Mummy! Hold on!
Oh, hello. Ohh.
Ah, so sorry.
Uh, how was your flight in?
Was it good?
Well? Good? What?
I'm sorry. I'm just
very excited to see you.
Would you like
a delicious, fresh parfait?
That would be delightful.
I don't have
one of those.
How's
Ernst Bowman-Schrieber?
Ugh!
Why did you...
I mean, more broadly,
how's your research?
I'm in the twilight
of my career
after decades
of frustrating lab trials.
No cure in sight,
but you can't say I didn't kill
a hell of a lot of rats.
Excellent.
Kenneth: Just take
some dry turkey and leave!
I --
Colonel:
Even your yelling is off-key!
So sorry. Uh...is there anything
I can get you, really?
Anything at all?
Two yelling strangers
would be nice.
Oh. Absolutely right.
Sorry. I'm just --
Unacceptable.
I am
listening to you --
Whatever this is,
take it somewhere else!
Look,
I am not leaving here
until my son
shows me some respect.
Well, I hope you like
dry-ass turkey,
'cause we're gonna be here
a while!
Sorry, Maya.
Your sides are good.
Listen!
I understand that respect
is very important to you.
I, for one,
appreciate your service.
My service?
What's she mean?
She thinks you're in the Army,
Colonel.
You never heard
of a stage name before?
You do know The Beatles
aren't bugs, right?
[ Laughs ]
I hate him,
but he got you.
I'm no soldier.
I'm a singer.
We used to have an act
when he was young.
It was called "The Colonel
and Little Kenny."
What?
You know, weddings,
hotel bars.
You ever been to the Holiday Inn
in Troy, New York?
No.
Well, neither has he!
Quit before the big gig.
I had to sing both sides
of "I Got You Babe" to myself.
Now, would you pay
to see that?
Holiday Inn didn't.
Well, I'd had enough
of you riding me.
"Kenneth, you're sharp.
Kenneth, you're pitchy.
Kenneth, slouch
so I'm taller than you."
I'm taller than you, Dad!
I just am!
Will you stop it?!
I will not have you ruin my day
or my turkey!
Oh --
Maybe you should --
I'm basting it!
So, you were unable to eat
a 10-pound sushi roll,
and that's bad?
It just means
I'm not what I once was.
Was there ever a recognition
you got in your younger days?
Yes, that helps me
to understand.
Yes, at 31,
I was the youngest-ever
recipient of the Copley Award.
Okay.
And you never won it again?
I won it five more times,
but I was never able to eat it.
You should have seen this guy
in his prime.
Billy.
So, once
when we were kids,
I left him alone
in my room.
Came back,
all my action figures -- gone.
[ Laughs ] This guy was
pooping G.I. Joes for weeks!
No, no. Billy, stop!
So sorry, Mummy.
He's a dentist.
He's used to telling stories
to people who can't get away.
He wants to drag me out
to cheer me up.
I want to make sure
you and your mom have
the best day possible.
Me too. Take him.
Yes!
Come on, come on!
Be back in time
for G.I. Joes!
So sorry, Mummy.
[ Kenneth and Colonel arguing ]
Mm. I -- you --
I shan't be a second.
Just relax.
All right, JJ,
how's your British lingo?
Do you know
what a plonker is?
No! No cultivating
this weird rivalry!
And, Dylan,
time to study up on soccer.
I made you flash cards.
[ Window closes ]
You two should be ashamed.
The pilgrims came here
to get away from soccer.
Right.
Well, for Grandma's sake,
let's be more British
and less American.
Less American?
It's just for the day.
You don't turn off
being American.
There ain't no switch on
the Statue of Liberty's torch!
"Yeah, you...
Brexit."
That's not
how you use that word!
Mom? Mom,
they aren't listening to me!
May I have
spanking powers?
Oh, hello, Grandmother.
Hello, Raymond.
Nobody calls me that,
and I love it so much.
Oh. Let me
introduce you to, uh --
[ Laughing ] Introduce?
It hasn't been
that long.
Hello, Dylan.
Mmm!
And JJ -- lady-killer!
Pictures don't
do you justice.
Nope. Nope.
But -- But that's him.
Uh --
Don't forget, JJ --
you can't speak.
Excuse me, but I'd like
to go freshen up.
Bathroom's back
and to the right.
I'll just be here
with JJ and Dylan.
All right, I know it's weird,
but my job is
to get those two presentable,
and I can't do that.
Will you be
JJ and Dylan?
Will JJ be upset?
Probably.
I'm in.
I don't like it,
but I'll do anything for you.
You need to work
on your Dylan.
Where are
Dylan and JJ?
Here.
The other two just weren't
gonna get there. I --
Grandma thought these two
were them, so I made a call.
Right. Go and tell the other two
they're out.
Okay, so,
I talked to Mom.
You guys are no longer
JJ and Dylan.
You guys
will stay in here and --
"Away from Logan?
I'm in."
If I have to be British
out there,
then here
is where I'll stay.
[ "The Star-Spangled Banner"
plays ]
Jimmy: So, when did you, uh,
get this thing?
This is a trial-separation gift
to myself.
Yeah, I lied.
Audrey left me.
She doesn't have the flu.
She might have the flu.
I don't know.
But I'm fine.
There's this 26-year-old
hygienist in my office --
complimented my socks
on Monday,
so we can all see
the direction that's headed.
Yeah. You're down about
the Godzilla Roll thing?
Yeah, I get it -- feel like
you're missing a step.
Well, I'm just the guy
to pull you out.
**
This...
calls for hair.
Ohhh!
You never
walk out on a show!
Enough bickering!
What can I do
to get you two to stop?
We wouldn't be bickering
at all if he...
* Didn't go
breaking my heart *
[ Snapping fingers ]
Pitchy.
Actually,
that was beautiful.
Colonel, would you do my kitchen
the honor of a full song?
Oh, I never turn down
a gig.
* Don't go
breaking my heart *
I think the next line
calls for Little Kenny?
And I believe your green beans
need some salt,
but I mind
my own damn business!
Ah, suit yourself.
* I couldn't if I tried
* Oh, honey,
if I get restless *
* Baby,
you're not that kind *
* Do, do, do,
do, do, do *
Yeah!
Oh, please!
Well,
like you could do better?
[ Scoffs ]
With my eyes closed!
Wait a minute.
I have that song
on my phone.
[ "Don't Go Breaking My Heart"
plays ]
* Don't go
breaking my heart *
* You take the weight
off of me *
* Oh, honey,
when you knock on my door *
* I gave you my key
In your face, Maya.
* Ooh, ooh
Well, thanks
for taking me out.
[ Bottles clink ]
Yeah.
Best Thanksgiving ever.
[ Laughs ]
Whoa.
This is so perfect.
You want to recapture
your youth?
You can do it
as my wingman.
She is so loving me!
Found wig,
you've done it again.
[ Clears throat ]
Uh, my roommate and I
are graduate students
at the nearby university,
and, uh, we were wondering
if you --
Please stop.
[ Chuckles ] What?
Don't sell past the sale, right?
I have a boyfriend.
And I got a math test --
long as we're naming things
we're gonna be
cheating on later.
I said,
get out of my face!
Jimmy: Whoa!
Sorry. W-We --
Ohh! Aaaah!
Learn to spot an ally!
Okay. Well, my buddy and I
are gonna head back to...
the dorm.
Happy Thanksgiving.
[ Chuckling ]
Sorry that got so weird!
No,
that actually helped.
Maybe I have lost a step,
but this is what losing a step
and not accepting it looks like.
I got a family back home
who loves me.
I should be there
with them
instead of here,
getting punched.
Then my little plan
worked.
Wasn't your plan.
Maya, I'm not an expert
on Thanksgiving dinner,
but is there a dinner?
Oh! Yes, of course.
No, it should be dry
by now.
Ready. Moist.
Ooh. Don't over-promise.
Ready.
Kids, dinner!
Let's sit down,
shall we?
Oh, Mummy, this is Kenneth
and his father.
Ah, yes.
How nice to put a face
to the, "Die, you old fool!
Die!"
[ Laughs ]
They're just leaving.
But the singing
makes me hungry.
[ Chuckling ]
Like everything else.
[ Laughs ]
I love this guy now.
[ Chairs slide ]
JJ, here.
Dylan, you sit here.
That's not
JJ and Dylan.
Oh, isn't it?
I'll play along,
but that's not hard.
[ Grunts ]
Jimmy isn't back yet,
so why don't we
go around the table
and say
what we're thankful for.
I'm thankful
that Conte finally realizes
what he has in Batshuayi.
He's Chelsea's best striker.
Look at that! You are
most certainly my granddaughter.
Wow. I could listen to you
talk about football all night.
Sister!
I'm thankful
my daddy and I are...
Both: * Reunited
* And it feels so good
* Reunited
* Where the hell's
the food? *
Would you please?!
Ohh! Ohh!
Oh! Mummy!
Oh, I'm so sorry!
I'm just a bit on edge.
I just --
I-I know how you --
you like things just so.
So this is on me?!
I'm responsible
for all this madness?
The singing, the shouting,
the quite obvious
sexual chemistry
between your daughter
and son?
You're playing footsie with me,
young man!
It's just so vulgar.
So...American!
Damn right it is,
toots.
Who are you?
Just a red-blooded,
chicken-fried,
supersize
U.S. of A-merican.
You feel me, tea bag?
You're in America.
In America,
we don't drink tea.
We drink soda.
[ Bottle cap fizzes ]
[ "The Star-Spangled Banner"
plays ]
Darling, no!
[ Music continues ]
[ Gasps ]
Look what you made me do.
She finished it.
She has the gift.
Weren't you bald?
I don't know.
Was I?
[ Sighs ]
I raised you in a home.
This is a circus!
Enough!
Your daughter ties herself
into knots for you.
Jimmy,
you don't have to.
No. I don't mind.
She can't hurt me.
You couldn't eat
the Godzilla Roll.
Ohh! Yes, she can.
[ Groans ]
Happy Thanksgiving,
everyone.
It's okay, Dad.
We still believe in you.
[ Sighs ] I'm sorry.
That did not help.
But someone
had to stand up to her.
Yeah, I think
that somebody's me.
I'm tired of trying to be
someone I'm not.
And asking you
to be someone you're not
And...having some of you
played by other people.
Then go say it.
Be true to who you are.
Did you lie
about the Godzilla Roll?
Be true
if it feels right.
It's not, like a, you know,
law or anything.
Kenneth
overcooked the turkey.
[ Door opens ]
So, you lied?
Hey, your dad took a punch
protecting me
from a horny co-ed today,
so...
Yeah, I lied.
[ Sighs ]
I can't do it anymore.
And you know what?
I have made peace with that.
I don't have to prove anything
to myself.
"Don't say
you can't do it."
You can do anything.
...gross.
Jimmy, as someone
who's had the admiration
of his child and lost it,
I'll tell you --
hold on to it
for as long as you can.
Eat that Godzilla Roll.
For them.
Who are you?
So, can we go to sushi now
or what?
Yeah,
we're going to sushi.
U.S.A.!
All: U.S.A.!
Well, I guess
I better be on my way.
I got a gig at a card club
in Gardena.
On Thanksgiving Day?
Oh, yeah.
I turn "Ooh Baby Baby"
into --
"Ooh Gravy Gravy."
I've been doing
"Ooh Turkey Turkey,"
but that's
a whole lot better.
It's better, right?
Yeah, man!
[ Both laugh ]
[ Knock on door ]
Maya --
I'm coming in! Move.
I --
Sit down.
Oh, my God.
It worked.
Quit while I'm ahead?
No.
It's time to be honest.
Mummy, on the rare occasions
that you come to visit,
I always try to be
the daughter that you want --
the fawning,
the Burberry.
Are we being
entirely honest now?
It's pretty bloody close!
Look.
My family isn't proper.
We're loud and messy.
What you saw today there,
that's who we are.
I like us.
And I think if you knew us,
you would, too.
[ Sighs ]
Maya, I've never been
very good at this.
Work always came first.
Family, feelings...
I'm sorry.
I'm not
who you need me to be.
Well, we could work on this.
We could make this better.
We could.
Okay.
I don't understand.
Why did you want to come?
I wanted to try.
It's all I know.
An experiment fails,
you get up the next day,
you kill more rats.
Also, your husband was
rather insistent that I come.
[ "My Girl" plays ]
Happy Thanksgiving,
Mummy.
**
* I got sunshine
* On a cloudy day
Whoa.
It's impossible.
* Ooh
* When it's cold outside
[ Ticking ]
* I've got
Thanksgiving Day *
You've got this!
Just one more!
One more! One more!
Yeah!
* I guess you'd say
* What can make me
"You're my hero."
* Feel this way
* My dad
* His dad, his dad
* Talkin' 'bout my dad
Together: [ Chanting ]
Eat it! Eat it! Eat it! Eat it!
* My dad
Yes! Come on, Dad!
You're doing it!
Wow. I hate sushi.
I'm just realizing that.
This is my dad!
May I join you?
You made it.
Aw, it's the least
I could do.
Oh, I'd like to propose
a Thanksgiving toast --
to family.
The ones
we're born with...
the ones
we get to choose...
the good ones
who step up day after day,
no matter
what is asked of them.
This is what love looks like,
people!
This is what a father does
for his children.
[ Clink ]
You know what?
It doesn't matter
that I can't finish this.
What matters
is that I tried.
Shall we?
What?
We can't pay for that.
Finish it.
[ Indistinct shouting ]
Come on!
Make some room in there!
Oh, no. Dad?
Oh, this can't be
happening again.
I can't breathe.
No, no!
There's one little piece left.
Come on, Jimmy.
One little piece.
Come on, come on, come on.
Whoa, whoa, whoa!
Is that shrimp?
[ Gasps ] It is.
They changed the recipe!
That's why you can't do it --
you're allergic!
Well, uh,
Logan has an allergy pen.
Here.
What if I need it
later?
"Then you'll die."
[ Western showdown music plays ]
Owww!
**
Okay, feed me.
Excellent.
[ Timer dings ]
[ Cheering ]
Together: [ Chanting ]
U.S.A.! U.S.A.! U.S.A.!
[ Indistinct shouting ]
Come on!
Make some room in there!
Oh, no. Dad?
Oh, this can't be
happening again.
I can't breathe.
No, no!
There's one little piece left.
Come on, Jimmy.
One little piece.
Come on, come on, come on.
Whoa, whoa, whoa!
Is that shrimp?
[ Gasps ] It is.
They changed the recipe!
That's why you can't do it --
you're allergic!
Well, uh,
Logan has an allergy pen.
Here.
What if I need it
later?
"Then you'll die."
[ Western showdown music plays ]
Owww!
**
Okay, feed me.
Excellent.
[ Timer dings ]
[ Cheering ]
Together: [ Chanting ]
U.S.A.! U.S.A.! U.S.A.!
[ Indistinct shouting ]
Come on!
Make some room in there!
Oh, no. Dad?
Oh, this can't be
happening again.
I can't breathe.
No, no!
There's one little piece left.
Come on, Jimmy.
One little piece.
Come on, come on, come on.
Whoa, whoa, whoa!
Is that shrimp?
[ Gasps ] It is.
They changed the recipe!
That's why you can't do it --
you're allergic!
Well, uh,
Logan has an allergy pen.
Here.
What if I need it
later?
"Then you'll die."
[ Western showdown music plays ]
Owww!
**
Okay, feed me.
Excellent.
[ Timer dings ]
[ Cheering ]
Together: [ Chanting ]
U.S.A.! U.S.A.! U.S.A.!